[David J. Malan](https://cs.harvard.edu/malan/)

# Journey to Engineering Academia

It took me 4x times to get through this course, Malan's explanations are great and with his video lectures on each week pushing over 2 hours each, and there are typically 11 weeks in the course, he goes over everything and explains it well.  The trick was to learn how to listen.

The code for this course is indeed challenging, the same way every software problem is when you do not have the solutions before you.  The code is simple snapshots into some of the dynamic functionality of C, Python, and JavaScript as well as the static and well dressed U.I. User Interface with HTML and CSS.

My learning methods are to have working answers already, completed, bug free working code and then reverse engineer that piece of code.  However, this is technically against the Code of Student Honesty, as I did, from nothing except the lectures and personal googling, not work up to the solution, instead I work top to bottom, to know it and let that data feed my LLM bug free code and working code.  Sadly, the Harvard Student Honesty prevents or copyrights this, so making it is old fashion. 

Although I do not understand the rules superficially imposed to only learn in one certain way, I am a hacker, trying to apply many methods of understanding and groking the core of the subject matter, as a formally trained, principled engineer, CS50 is that training.

From that starting point, hacking is now implemented with more forethought and mindfulness.  As one grows into an engineer, with a hacking tool set.

- Week 0: Scratch
- Week 1:  C
- Week 2: Arrays
- Week 3: Algorithms
- Week 4: Memory
- Week 5: Data Structures
- Week 6: Python
- Week 6.5: Artificial Intelligence
- Week 7: SQL
- Week 8: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Week 9: Flask
- Week 10: Cybersecurity

The line up is gentle with Scratch that gives an almost cartoony UI for developers, if you do not need cartoons and childish UI to learn, then you can scratch, Scratch and dive into C, straight away as it then breaks from this Scratch's colourfully illustrating of a generic language.  The C language, in all its source code form glory, is the abstract overture of some primitives, like Arrays, Algorithms, Memory, Data Structures.  Also to see the text of what composes them.

After the hard stuff, Python is introduced along with its direct ties to A.I. and LLM training.  A.I. deserves a branch all to itself, which I hold in the `Synthetic_Intelligence` directory which goes deeper into A.I. and A.I. agents.

Then database SQL, creating data from spreadsheets, to exported .csv files that build out .db files and provide for SQLite demonstrations.  You can see the relation of spreadsheets and standard SQL databases.

From there the UI, User Interface, is where it is at, and 90% of most users are working through a browser of some sort.  Building out a viewable web page with HTML scaffolding, and making it with a presentable UI with CSS, Cascading Style Sheets, polishing, and finally spinning up some JavaScript code to manipulate the DOM, Document Object Model, for primitive animation from the browser.

Bringing it home with a introduction to a Python framework for building Web apps called Flask.

With a Flask Website, hand rolled, that would make one shinny shingle to demonstrate your wares.

Cyber Security, is a follow up on a best practices.


Helpful URLs

- validator.w3.org
As the name imply, the validator, validates code and insures integrity of that code.  
- getbootstrap.com


# CS50P

This is a deeper dive into Python specifically,  much more details on the internals of Python and programming in general.  While rudimentary and simple demonstrations of code can get tedious for Python experts, it is worth at least one run through to solidify a total comprehension of the Python language.

- Lecture 0 - Functions, Variables
- Lecture 1 - Conditionals
- Lecture 2 - Loops
- Lecture 3 - Exceptions
- Lecture 4 - Libraries
- Lecture 5 - Unit Tests
- Lecture 6 - File I/O
- Lecture 7 - Regular Expressions
- Lecture 8 - Object-Oriented Programming
- Lecture 9 - Et Cetera

The lectures are over an hour each but assumes everybody is a novice.  The lecture on Regular Expressions is a slight deviation from Python, as it literally is a language within a language.  But it is worth it.

There are other CS50 courses, finance, legal, etc. but as a hacker core CS50 and CS50P are enough.


