The J jobs, numbered from 0-X (where x=infinity), is an idea of layering income streams to preserve fiduciary integrity of the user.  

Job 0
Is simply the GreenWitchDAO, generating $1,000 per month, recycled and compounded into the Treasury.  Job 0 is almost always some form of residual or x income that continually comes through form of a yield or automatic income system from rewards.  Considered a "retirement settlement", that is a base-case and a future capital estate.

Job 1
Manifesto, Project: The Professional Hacker.  My book pushed on Github and sold as paperback, purchasers of the book receive a NFT which gives them perks.  Job 1 is a distilled biography and manifesto of my werks, broken down into 4 sub-topics, Hardware, Software, Blockchain, and A.I. the idea is free, and depends on donations, premium sections of the manifesto, are reserved for holders of minted NFTs (badge)

Job 2
The Eagle JAM:  Set up to be a self sustaining (i.e. revenue generating) vanguard into the U.S. market for BizDev and DevRel teams to educate all users and to broker with business and enterprises spinning up Web3 chains and consulting for custom configurations to adopt to their business model.  Validator/Collator, Staking, liquidity yields, and core-time mercantile provide additional revenue resources over and above BizDev and DevRel consulting.   

---

These jobs are pending or dead and retained for prosperity or in the unlikely event they convert to fruition and pay out.

Job 3
Dan Reverse Dutch Auction
Pending Contract
- only paid $2,000 almost $20,000 in arrears
- built chain with $BATT coin/token on EVM, and contract for sales transactions
- feeling neutral

Job 4
Afloat App, A.I. Architect
Pending Referendum
- introduced to insight for 3D and Pixar software
- completely ghosted
- feeling dead end

Job 5
Matt and Trev; Capital,
Pending Client
- more the ideas guys with no capital
- cheerleaders?  do they have access to capital?
- feeling neutral
